Medea Agony Aunt
================

### Medea to aunt

Dear agony aunt,

My heart and trust have been destroyed. My home is no longer mine, I
have the honour of the women of Kerameikos, and my once-beloved children
are the living remembrance of my pain. My husband Jason has been
unfaithful. The ungrateful pig has wed the king of Corinth\'s daughter!
Ã”! Dear agony aunt, how may I heal from such a wound? I have killed both
father and brother by love for Jason, left my country for Jason and have
struggled to earn the Corinthian\'s welcome. To think that I have never
failed him and gave my heart and life to be spat at and threatened to be
banned from the city that I used to call home. Yes, agony aunt, you have
read me right! Creon, Jason\'s godfather and the king of Corinth, will
have me killed if I\'m not out of his city\'s walls by tomorrow\'s
rising sun.

What am I to do my cherished agony aunt? Tomorrow I will be homeless and
countryless. Who would welcome a woman who is known for practising the
dark arts, committing both parricide and fratricide? I need your help
agony aunt.

You are my only hope.

Medea

### Aunt to Medea

Dear Medea,

I have read your letter with great care and attention. You are going
through some challenging times my poor Medea, but I am sure that you
will find peace in the future, but in the meantime, I have some wisdom
to share with you. First of all, do not feel any resentment or hate
towards your children. For they are the only living beings that are
innocent in this tragic episode of your life. I use the word episode to
remind you that this is all temporary and that the world is vast enough
for you and Jason to share. I recommend, better yet I command you, to
leave Corinth. You must not make a show out of your sorrow and leave
with your head held high. As to your housing situation, do not fear for
that for you seem like a very resourceful and intelligent woman, you
will find a way just like you always do. I want you to remember that
this will all end and that you will come out even mightier than you
already are.

My prayers go to you Medea.

Your agony aunt
