# S1 | Prologue

Information brought by the nurse:
* It was a love affair
* Jason is to blame
    * Jason broke a vow/pledge
* **Medea has given up everything for Jason (helping him get the golden fleece, killed her brother + father) => Medea is the victim**
* The audience knows more than Medea <= **Dramatic irony** + sympathy for Medea 
* *Medea is scary*
    * Medea plans to do something bad to her children <= **foreshadowing**/foreboding

Questions:
1. * Medea is angry at everyone as her husband just betrayed her
    * The nurse takes her time as she probably won't manage to persuade Medea to come with her
    * Medea "glares at [the servants] like a mad bull"


## First Episode

2. The chorus understands Medea's tragic situation, they feel sympathy for her: "my own heart suffers too"
3. They encourage her not to kill herself, "she's foolish for wanting to die"
4. She tries to appeal to the women in the chorus with relatable stuff about the position of women in ancient Greece. She also uses emotions to convince the chorus that she is a victim.
5. She describes the fact that women didn't have will over their own body, didn't have the choice of a husband and their lives depended on their husband being good or bad. She also said that she'd rather stand 3 times in the frontline than bear a child.
6. Creon initially addresses Medea with an exclamative sentence, "you there Medea" (probably pointing @ her).  Creon is a leader, a king but admits that he is scared of her and fears her shrewdness (intelligence).
7. She tries to reassure him and says "I bear no grudge against *your* happiness". To persuade him to let her live in Corinth!
8. She appeals to his ego, "I beg you! Will you cast off pity, and banish me? [...] How my thoughts turn to you now!"
9. Creon says "Medea, poor Medea!, Your grief touches our hearts. A wanderer, where can you turn ? To what welcoming house? To what protecting land? How wild with dread and danger is the sea where the gods have set your course!

p. 27 => Medea is plotting & reveals her plan

Words connected with plotting:
* I have in mind so many paths of death
* Except to carry out my purpose, carry out my schemes?
* My chosen accomplice

Her plan => Today three of my enemies I shall strike dead: Father and daughter; and my husband.

**Creates suspense (this is her plan but will she go through with it?)**

